in his nightmares he can see them in his
mind he can hear them look uterus in his
soul he can feel them
I just received before from deep space
five long-range sensors yes I know the
walk set a course for Earth maximum warp
now in Earth's darkest hour
he must fight them again birth life
science population approximately nine
billion Aalborg how time travel back an
assimilated Earth changed history repair
whatever damage they've done but this
time they must travel to the past April
4th 2016 3 to save our future you're all
astronauts on some kind of Star Trek and
we fall back there simulate entire
worlds
fall back not again the line must be
drawn here it looks like the control
decks 26 up to 11 mr. Dave and I are
returning to the ship we must activate
the auto-destruct sequence
destroy the ship run away you coward
you were any other man I would kill you
where you
destroy them
[Music]
resistance is futile today is a good day
to die
[Music]
we're not going to lose the enterprise
up to the falling of while I'm in
collapse stars red first contact
you
[Music]